issue #280 (#593)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRSearchConfiguration.md

A few things to note are: 
- This SearchParameter includes an xpath element for completeness, but the IBM FHIR Server does not use the XPath during extraction; it only uses the expression (FHIRPath).
- The SearchParameter with a path including `value` use the Choice data types which are determined based on the SearchParameter type . 
- Each time a resource is created or updated, the FHIR server evaluates the FHIRPath expression applicable to the resource type and indexes the values of the matching elements, making these available via a search where the query parameter name matches the `code` element on the `SearchParameter` definition.

In the preceding example, extension elements (on a Patient resource) with a url of `http://ibm.com/fhir/extension/Patient/favorite-color` are indexed by the `favorite-color` search parameter. To search for Patients with a favorite color of "pink", users could send an HTTP GET request to a URL like `[base]/api/v1/Patient?favorite-color:exact=pink`.

For more information on search parameters, see the HL7 FHIR specification.

> #### 1.1.2 Test

Author: ```suggestion
#### 1.1.2 Recommendations
```

> When creating a SearchParameter extension, it is recommended that the FHIRPath expression is checked for validity. Many examples exist in the module `fhir-search`. An entry may look like `"expression": "Basic.extension.where(url='http://example.org/decimal').value`.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating the SearchParameter FHIRPath expression, one should test the FHIRPath expression and test the search parameter. 

If a search parameter expression extracts an element with a data type that is incompatible with the declared search parameter type, the server skips the value and logs a message. For choice elements, like Extension.value, its recommended to restrict the expression to values of the desired type by using the `as` function. For example, to select only Decimal values from the http://example.org/demical extension, use an expressions like Basic.extension.where(url='http://example.org/decimal').value.as(Decimal).
```

> When creating a SearchParameter extension, it is recommended that the FHIRPath expression is checked for validity. Many examples exist in the module `fhir-search`. Further, optimizations to the custom SearchParameter extensions may add explict casts to the intended type and activate the specific behavior `refSequence.start-end.as(FHIRQuantity)`. An entry may look like `"expression": "Basic.extension.where(url='http://example.org/decimal').value.as(Decimal)"`.

Reviewer: This line is confusing to me:
> Further, optimizations to the custom SearchParameter extensions may add explict casts to the intended type and activate the specific behavior `refSequence.start-end.as(FHIRQuantity)`.

Reviewer: I also think we can be a little more clear that the server will skip any search parameters that cannot be mapped to the specified search parameter type.  And probably link to https://www.hl7.org/fhir/R4/search.html#table as the documentation for the allowed mappings.

Author: sure.  let's discuss post your first pass of the review

Author: since we are now removing the integer part, it's no longer needed above

Author: I've modified the paragaph

Reviewer: > Further, optimizations to the custom SearchParameter extensions may add explict casts to the intended type and activate the specific behavior `refSequence.start-end.as(FHIRQuantity)`. An entry may look like `"expression": "Basic.extension.where(url='http://example.org/decimal').value.as(Decimal)"`.

Still not clear to me if we're recommending them to use `as` or saying the server might do it automatically?  Its the phrase "optimizations to the custom SearchParameter extensions may add explict casts" messing me up.
Maybe change that to:
> If a search parameter expression extracts an element with a data type that is incompatible with the declared search parameter type, the server will skip the value and log a message. For choice elements, like `Extension.value`, its recommended to restrict the expression to values of the desired type by using the `as` function. For example, select only Decimal values from the `http://example.org/demical` extension, use and expressions like `Basic.extension.where(url='http://example.org/decimal').value.as(Decimal)`.
